fix(docs): various doc updates (#203)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/docs/Machine Learning/wakeword-models.md

seoImage: '../../assets/docs/concepts-vad-wake-word.png'
---

> Spokestack provides pretrained [TensorFlow Lite](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite) models that enable on-device wake word detection. These free models, however, only recognize the word "Spokestack"; in order to have your app respond to a different word or phrase, you'll need new models. If machine learning is outside your wheelhouse and you'd like a customized wake word for your app, check out our [Maker tier](/pricing#maker) for a way to prototype a [personal wake word model](/blog/what-are-personal-ai-models), no code required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spokestack provides pretrained [TensorFlow Lite](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite) models that enable on-device wake word detection. These free models, however, only recognize the word "Spokestack"; in order to have your app respond to a different word or phrase, you'll need new models. If machine learning is outside your wheelhouse and you'd like a customized wake word for your app, check out our [Maker tier](/account/upgrade) for a way to prototype a [personal wake word model](/blog/what-are-personal-ai-models), no code required.
```

> Spokestack provides pretrained [TensorFlow Lite](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite) models that enable on-device wake word detection. These free models, however, only recognize the word "Spokestack"; in order to have your app respond to a different word or phrase, you'll need new models. If machine learning is outside your wheelhouse and you'd like a customized wake word for your app, check out our [Maker tier](/account/upgrade) for a way to prototype a [personal wake word model](/blog/what-are-personal-ai-models), no code required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Spokestack provides pretrained [TensorFlow Lite](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite) models that enable on-device wake word detection. These free models, however, only recognize the word "Spokestack"; in order to have your app respond to a different word or phrase, you'll need new models. If machine learning is outside your wheelhouse and you'd like a customized wake word for your app, check out our [Maker tier](/pricing#maker) for a way to prototype a [personal wake word model](/blog/what-are-personal-ai-models), no code required.
```
